Spec v3 edits (#235)
protomaps/PMTiles: spec/v3/spec.md

Please refer to the [change log](./CHANGELOG.md) for a documentation of changes to this specification.

## 1 Abstract

> PMTiles is a single-file archive format for tiled data.

Reviewer: Most specs have a short abstract, introduction or motivation paragraph at the beginning. It ensures the spec works as a standalone document and not only in this repository. I also don't think there are any real disadvantages to keeping this, since it's less than 100 words.

Author: I'm going to move that motivation paragraph to the README, some of the language is subjective - accessed easily, costs low, etc and doesn't fit in the spec.

#### Number of Addressed Tiles

> The Number of Addressed Tiles is an 8-byte field specifying the total number of tile entries in the PMTiles archive, before RunLength Encoding.

Author: Fixed

| Value  | Meaning            |
| :----- | :----------------- |
| `0x00` | Unknown / Other    |
| `0x01` | MVT Vector Tile    |
| `0x02` | PNG                |
| `0x03` | JPEG               |
| `0x04` | WebP               |
| `0x05` | AVIF               |

#### Min Zoom (MinZ)

> The Min Zoom is a 1-byte field specifying the minimum zoom of the tiles, >= 0.

Reviewer: The `>= 0` is a bit redundant, since it is an unsigned integer.

This field is encoded as an 8-bit unsigned integer.

#### Max Zoom (MaxZ)

> The Max Zoom is a 1-byte field specifying the maximum zoom (LOD) of the tiles >= MinZ.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Max Zoom is a 1-byte field specifying the maximum zoom (LOD) of the tiles. It must be greater than or equal to the min zoom.
```

> The Max Zoom is a 1-byte field specifying the maximum zoom (LOD) of the tiles >= MinZ.

Author: Thanks!

1. Decompress the data according to the internal compression.
1. Read a [variable-width integer](https://protobuf.dev/programming-guides/encoding/#varints) indicating how many entries are included in the directory (let's call this `n`).
1. Read `n` number of [variable-width integers](https://protobuf.dev/programming-guides/encoding/#varints), which are the delta-encoded TileIDs of all entries. _¹_
1. Read `n` number of [variable-width integers](https://protobuf.dev/programming-guides/encoding/#varints), which are the RunLengths of all entries.
1. Read `n` number of [variable-width integers](https://protobuf.dev/programming-guides/encoding/#varints), which are the Lengths of all entries.
1. Read `n` number of [variable-width integers](https://protobuf.dev/programming-guides/encoding/#varints), which are the Offsets of all entries. _¹_

_¹ Please refer to [Section 4.2](#42-encoding) for details on how Tile ID and Offset are encoded._

## 5 JSON Metadata

The metadata section MUST contain a valid JSON object encoded in UTF-8, which MAY include additional metadata related to the tileset that is not already covered in the header section.

> If the [Tile Type](#tile-type-tt) in the header has a value of _MVT Vector Tile_, the object SHOULD contain a key of `vector_layers` as described in the [TileJSON 3.0 specification](https://github.com/mapbox/tilejson-spec/blob/22f5f91e643e8980ef2656674bef84c2869fbe76/3.0.0/README.md#33-vector_layers).

Author: Mapbox is a trademark, so it needs to stay as-is.

|`type`|The type of the tileset |a string with a value of either `overlay` or `baselayer`|
|`version`|The version number of the tileset|a string containing a valid version according to [Semantic Versioning 2.0.0](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html) |

The JSON object MAY also include any other keys with an arbitrary value. This specification recommends nesting all application-specific data in an object under a semi-unique key to avoid overlap with other application-specific data or keys that may be defined in future versions of this specification. For example, instead of including the custom fields `author` and `companyId` directly in the top level of the metadata object, they SHOULD be nested in another object under a key with your project or organization name.

> 

Reviewer: I just added this as an "insurance policy" to reduce the probability of breaking someone's code when adding a new property. So for example it could cause complications if we want to add `vector_layers` in a future version of this spec, but someone else already uses `vector_layers` with a different format.
So this is just a friendly reminder to not use common names, which is already best practice, but you know how lazy software engineers are 😛 

Prefixed values like you did in `planetiler` is also okay. It solves the same "problem". We can also change this paragraph to include something along the lines of _"Please prefix your keys in the root object"_. Would serve the exact same purpose of what I tried to do :)
